@ARTICLE{Saunders_undated-vz,
  title     = "Locally connected spiking neural networks for unsupervised
               feature learning",
  author    = "Saunders, Daniel J and Patel, Devdhar and Hazan, Hananel and
               Siegelmann, Hava T and Kozma, Robert",
  journal   = "Neural Networks",
  publisher = "Elsevier Ltd",
  volume    =  119,
  pages     = "332--340"
}

@ARTICLE{Gil2009-my,
  title    = "Fresh-cut product sanitation and wash water disinfection:
              problems and solutions",
  author   = "Gil, Maria I and Selma, Maria V and L{\'o}pez-G{\'a}lvez,
              Francisco and Allende, Ana",
  abstract = "It is well known that fresh-cut processors usually rely on wash
              water sanitizers to reduce microbial counts in order to maintain
              quality and extend shelf-life of the end product. Water is a
              useful tool for reducing potential contamination but it can also
              transfer pathogenic microorganisms. Washing with sanitizers is
              important in fresh-cut produce hygiene, particularly removing
              soil and debris, but especially in water disinfection to avoid
              cross-contamination between clean and contaminated product. Most
              of the sanitizing solutions induce higher microbial reduction
              after washing when compared to water washing, but after storage,
              epiphytic microorganisms grow rapidly, reaching similar levels.
              In fact, despite the general idea that sanitizers are used to
              reduce the microbial population on the produce, their main effect
              is maintaining the microbial quality of the water. The use of
              potable water instead of water containing chemical disinfection
              agents for washing fresh-cut vegetables is being advocated in
              some European countries. However, the problems of using an
              inadequate sanitizer or even none are considered in this
              manuscript. The need for a standardized approach to evaluate and
              compare the efficiency of sanitizing agents is also presented.
              Most new alternative techniques accentuate the problems with
              chlorine suggesting that the industry should move away from this
              traditional disinfection agent. However, the use of chlorine
              based sanitizers are presented as belonging to the most effective
              and efficient sanitizers when adequate doses are used. In this
              review improvements in water disinfection and sanitation
              strategies, including a shower pre-washing step and a final rinse
              of the produce, are suggested.",
  journal  = "Int J Food Microbiol",
  volume   =  134,
  number   = "1-2",
  pages    = "37--45",
  month    =  aug,
  year     =  2009,
  language = "en"
}

@ARTICLE{Everitt2012-ij,
  title    = "{IFITM3} restricts the morbidity and mortality associated with
              influenza",
  author   = "Everitt, Aaron R and Clare, Simon and Pertel, Thomas and John,
              Sinu P and Wash, Rachael S and Smith, Sarah E and Chin,
              Christopher R and Feeley, Eric M and Sims, Jennifer S and Adams,
              David J and Wise, Helen M and Kane, Leanne and Goulding, David
              and Digard, Paul and Anttila, Verneri and Baillie, J Kenneth and
              Walsh, Tim S and Hume, David A and Palotie, Aarno and Xue, Yali
              and Colonna, Vincenza and Tyler-Smith, Chris and Dunning, Jake
              and Gordon, Stephen B and {GenISIS Investigators} and {MOSAIC
              Investigators} and Smyth, Rosalind L and Openshaw, Peter J and
              Dougan, Gordon and Brass, Abraham L and Kellam, Paul",
  abstract = "The 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic showed the speed with which a
              novel respiratory virus can spread and the ability of a generally
              mild infection to induce severe morbidity and mortality in a
              subset of the population. Recent in vitro studies show that the
              interferon-inducible transmembrane (IFITM) protein family members
              potently restrict the replication of multiple pathogenic viruses.
              Both the magnitude and breadth of the IFITM proteins' in vitro
              effects suggest that they are critical for intrinsic resistance
              to such viruses, including influenza viruses. Using a knockout
              mouse model, we now test this hypothesis directly and find that
              IFITM3 is essential for defending the host against influenza A
              virus in vivo. Mice lacking Ifitm3 display fulminant viral
              pneumonia when challenged with a normally low-pathogenicity
              influenza virus, mirroring the destruction inflicted by the
              highly pathogenic 1918 'Spanish' influenza. Similar increased
              viral replication is seen in vitro, with protection rescued by
              the re-introduction of Ifitm3. To test the role of IFITM3 in
              human influenza virus infection, we assessed the IFITM3 alleles
              of individuals hospitalized with seasonal or pandemic influenza
              H1N1/09 viruses. We find that a statistically significant number
              of hospitalized subjects show enrichment for a minor IFITM3
              allele (SNP rs12252-C) that alters a splice acceptor site, and
              functional assays show the minor CC genotype IFITM3 has reduced
              influenza virus restriction in vitro. Together these data reveal
              that the action of a single intrinsic immune effector, IFITM3,
              profoundly alters the course of influenza virus infection in
              mouse and humans.",
  journal  = "Nature",
  volume   =  484,
  number   =  7395,
  pages    = "519--523",
  month    =  mar,
  year     =  2012,
  language = "en"
}

@ARTICLE{Lampe2011-mp,
  title    = "xStudent use of Facebook for organizing collaborative classroom
              activities",
  author   = "Lampe, Cliff and Wohn, Donghee Yvette and Vitak, Jessica and
              Ellison, Nicole B and Wash, Rick",
  abstract = "Social network sites such as Facebook are often conceived of as
              purely social spaces; however, as these sites have evolved, so
              have the ways in which students are using them. In this study, we
              examine how undergraduate students use the social network site
              Facebook to engage in classroom-related collaborative activities
              (e.g., arranging study groups, learning about course processes)
              to show how Facebook may be used as an informal tool that
              students use to organize their classroom experiences, and explore
              the factors that predict type of use. Data from two surveys (N =
              302, N = 214) are used to analyze how Facebook use, social and
              psychological factors, self-efficacy, and types of
              instructor-student communication on Facebook are related to
              positive and negative collaboration among students. We found that
              predictors of Facebook use for class organizing behaviors include
              self-efficacy and perceived motivation to communicate with others
              using the site. When placed in the context of social and
              psychological factors, Facebook intensity did not predict either
              positive or negative collaboration, suggesting that how students
              used the site, rather than how often they used the tool or how
              important they felt it was, affected their propensity to
              collaborate.",
  journal  = "International Journal of Computer-Supported Collaborative
              Learning",
  volume   =  6,
  number   =  3,
  pages    = "329--347",
  month    =  sep,
  year     =  2011
}
